dream butterfly dream butterfly
Are you in a hurry?
I have nothing left.
I was banned.
I can't get a divorce in the entertainment industry anymore
Aren't you going to interview for another job today?
I just know now
They're all plotting against me
I can't even get a real job
child
It's okay. It's okay.
Mom is raising you
You have a mother and a sister.
We are your everlasting support
Mom, I regret it.
We shouldn't look down on people
It should not thank the poor and love the rich
If we could have been nicer to Xue Zhilong at that time
It won't fall into such a world
Sister, don't worry.
You still have me
I go out to work
I can take care of you
You can go back.
I arranged a car for you
Yuanbao will live with me these days
How can ingots leave their mother?
Mom and Dad want to be together
I don't want to be separated from you.
ingot
You want your parents to be together too, right?
Oh, hop in.